39 collect patent citations (#48)
nestauk/dap_aria_mapping: dap_aria_mapping/pipeline/data_collection/README.md

☁️ This pipeline is set up to run in batch mode. This means that it will run on AWS Batch, and requires some configuration. Please [see below](#getting-up-and-running-with-batch-on-metaflow) for further details if you want to run these flows.

#### Patents

We also collect citation information for patents in 2007 and 2017 to calculate the consolidation-distruption (CD) index.

We define 'focus patents' as the patent ids collected by `dap_aria_mapping/pipeline/data_collection/openalex.py.`.

To collect the patent forward citations and backward citations, run the following flow:

`python dap_aria_mapping/pipeline/data_collection/paents_citations.py run --production=False`

If you run the flow in production (i.e. `production=True`), it will cost money to do so.

This flow outputs three files stored on S3 at `inputs/data_collection/patents/`:

1. **`patents_backward_citations.json`**: A json where the key is a focal patent id and the value is a list of patent ids that the focal id cites.

2. **`patents_cited_by_citations.json`**: A json where the key is a focal patent id and the value is a list of patent ids that the focal patent id is cited by.

> 3. **`patents_forward_citations.json`**: A json where the key is a cited by patent id and the value is a list of patents that it cites. A focal id should be present in each dictionary value. 

Reviewer: great!

> 1. **`patents_backward_citations.json`**: A json where the key is a focal patent id and the value is a list of patent ids that the focal id cites.
> 
> 2. **`patents_cited_by_citations.json`**: A json where the key is a focal patent id and the value is a list of patent ids that the focal patent id is cited by.
> 
> 3. **`patents_forward_citations.json`**: A json where the key is a cited by patent id and the value is a list of patents that it cites. A focal id should be present in each dictionary value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **`patents_backward_citations.json`**: A json where the key is a focal patent id and the value is a list of patent ids that the focal id cites.

2. **`patents_cited_by_citations.json`**: A json where the key is a focal patent id and the value is a list of patent ids that the focal patent id is cited by.

3. **`patents_forward_citations.json`**: A json where the key is a cited by patent id and the value is a list of patents that it cites. At least one focal id will be present in each dictionary value. 
```

I hope we can make this edit with certainty?
